{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14000\viewh13600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Telecom\
The telecom operator \'91X\'92 wants to learn how to predict customer churn. If you get new user conditions to leave, he will be offered promotional codes and special conditions. The operator's team collected personal data about some customers, information about their tariffs and contract.\
\
Seaborn, keras, Matplotlib, sklearn, catboos\
\
As a result , test metric is  0.91 \
\
\
\
Auto service\
Service for the sale of used cars \'91X\'92. In it, you can quickly find out the market value of your car. Historical data is at your disposal: technical characteristics, equipment and prices of cars. You need to build a model to determine the cost.\
\
Catboost,  lightgbm,  sklearn\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Gold\
Prepare a prototype machine learning model for \'91X\'92. The company develops solutions for the efficient operation of industrial enterprises.\
The model should predict the recovery rate of gold from a gold-bearing ore. You have data with parameters of extraction and cleaning at your disposal.\
The model will help to optimize production in order not to launch an enterprise with unprofitable characteristics.\
\
Seaborn, Matplotlib, sklearn\
\
Protect the data of clients \
You need to protect the data of clients of the insurance company \'93X\'94. Develop a data transformation method that makes it difficult to recover personal information from it. Justify the correctness of its work.\
You need to protect your data so that the quality of your machine learning models doesn't get worse when you transform. \
\
Oil and Gas\
You work for the production company Gas-X. You need to decide where to drill the new well.\
You have been provided with oil samples in three regions: in each of 10,000 fields, where the quality of oil and the volume of its reserves were measured. Build a machine learning model to help determine the region where mining will generate the most profit. Analyze the potential rewards and risks using the Bootstrap technique.\
Steps for choosing a location:\
Deposits are searched for in the selected region, and the values \uc0\u8203 \u8203 of the attributes are determined for each;\
Build a model and estimate the volume of reserves;\
Deposits with the highest value estimates are selected. The number of fields depends on the company's budget and the cost of developing one well;\
The profit is equal to the total profit of the selected fields.\
When exploring a region, 500 points are investigated, from which 200 best ones are selected for development using machine learning.\
The budget for the development of wells in the region is 10 billion rubles.\
At current prices, one barrel of raw materials brings in 450 rubles of income. The income from each unit of the product is 450 thousand rubles, since the volume is indicated in thousands of barrels.\
After assessing the risks, it is necessary to leave only those regions in which the probability of losses is less than 2.5%. Among them, the region with the highest average profit is chosen.\
\
Airlines \
You are an analyst with the Russian airline F9, which performs domestic passenger transportation. It is important to understand the preferences of users buying tickets to different destinations.\
You will have to study the database and analyze the passenger demand for flights to cities where the largest cultural festivals are held.\
\
Taxi (time series)\
Taxi has collected historical data on taxi orders at airports. To attract more drivers during peak periods, you need to predict the number of taxi orders for the next hour. Build a model for this prediction.\
\
Online store (text)\
The online store is launching a new service. Users can now edit and add product descriptions just like in community wikis. That is, customers propose their edits and comment on others' changes. The store needs a tool that will search for toxic comments and submit them for moderation.\
Train the model to classify comments as positive and negative. You have at your disposal a dataset with markup on the toxicity of revisions.\
}